feat (networking): [dns resolution] cloud-init search backend domain using Azure provided DNS address (#15)
mspnp/iaas-landing-zone-baseline: 07-compute-infra.md

## Steps

> 1. Convert your frontend cloud-init (users) file to Base64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Convert your frontend cloud-init (network configuration) file to Base64.
```

   ```bash
   FRONTEND_CLOUDINIT_BASE64=$(base64 workload-team/workload/frontendCloudInit.yml | tr -d '\n')

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```

```
